[THEME MUSIC]
>> DAVID WILCOCK: All right.
Welcome back to
"Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host, David Wilcock,
and I'm here with Emery Smith.
So, we were talking
about this concept
that you weren't that
surprised by the idea
of very elaborate genetic
hybrids being made
by our government, even at
the beginning of this time
that you spent at Sandia
Labs inside Los Alamos.
So, I kind of feel like
there's something missing here.
How much had you been briefed on
genetic hybridization programs
before you ever started
this particular job
with the so-called
salmon filets?
>> EMERY SMITH: Yeah,
I was not, actually.
I was a very low-classified
individual at that time.
And so it actually didn't
happen till about a year or two
later, where because of
what I was dissecting
or whatever led
to other briefings
that led to other briefings,
because a lot of these beings
were connected to ships.
And when I got pulled
into that, then I
was pulled into
other things that
had to do with hybridization.
Because I was actually told
once that one of the samples
was a hybrid, and
that's how I knew
they were doing hybridization.
They didn't hide that time
and during the briefing,
and it was a group
briefing, so it was exposed.
>> DAVID: And what
was this sample?
What was it a hybrid of?
What did it look like?
>> SMITH: It was
kind of like a tiger.
It was a tiger-type,
human-type being.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: The DNA had fur on it.
It was very humanoid and only
stood about five feet tall.
And the way it looked
was very dismantled.
It was not correctly
how you would
think you would see
something like in a movie
or something, where it
has the perfect eye set,
the nose is perfectly aligned--
it was dysmorphed
very, very horribly.
And I cannot tell you what DNA
that were used to make this
creature.
I could just tell you
what it looked like.
You understand what I'm saying?
It had the aspects of a
cat face like a tiger,
and it had very
large green eyes.
And it had whiskers,
and the body
was very small and very frail,
and it had just regular fur.
>> DAVID: Well, we have seen
cases of people trying to breed
lions and tigers together and
different types of things.
And I remember noticing
that in some of those cases,
those animals have this
kind of disabled look.
>> SMITH: Right, I
heard about this.
>> DAVID: They get these strange
deformities to their faces
and things like this.
So, do you think this
was a failed prototype
idea of some kind?
>> SMITH: Yes, absolutely.
I think it was a total failed
prototype, because I don't
know what that would serve--
what they were doing.
I think they were just trying,
which they have already
been doing for many years I
know before I even came along
because of some of the things
that was released to me later
on in the projects.
They were mixing all sorts
of DNA with human DNA,
including plant DNA and
mammal DNA from other mammals
from the oceans and sea.
>> DAVID: What do you think
this tiger being could have been
used for?
I mean, I know it's speculation.
>> SMITH: Well,
speculation for me--
total military type,
operative-type, super
soldier-type programs.
Just as in the old
days, they would--
and the Roman Empire have
mastiffs, hundreds of them.
They found hundreds of
mass graves at big sites
where they would be running
alongside the horses,
and the mastiffs would
jump on the people,
and the horsemen
would spear the guys.
They're just used to
knock down people.
So, this was probably used
to-- maybe some future war
or something-- to release all
these crazy hybrid-killing
machines.
And studies in
humans, of course,
first and then
send in the humans.
Or send in-- of course,
probably in the future,
I'm sure it's going to be mostly
clones and drones that will
be--
the war will be fought
inside a computer room.
>> DAVID: I kind of
asked you this before,
but I'm curious to get it
in a little more detail.
You said something about that
the clone might have memories
loaded into its
mind so it believes
that it has an identity that's
lived for however many years?
>> SMITH: Yeah.
They can program the
brain, because the brain
is just not its own brain.
It does have modulation to it
using very, very small sensors
and--
how can you say this--
wiring.
>> DAVID: Implants.
>> SMITH: Yeah, implants
that stimulate certain parts
of the brain.
And they can also
download it and make
you believe that you are Marilyn
Monroe or you are David Wilcock
or you are whoever,
and this is actually
what has happened to you
in the past 25 years.
And you just wake
up in a bed one
day going to work or
someone's picking you up,
and that's all you will know.
>> DAVID: Is it possible
to store someone's memories
and personality on a hard drive
actually as a data storage?
>> SMITH: I haven't seen that.
I get that question asked a
lot, because of the movies
out there--
"Avatar" and things like
that, the consciousness.
But I have not seen
that, because you
would have to have the DNA.
All I know is that
you can only do it
if they have your DNA,
because the DNA is everything
unfolded within the
universe, including
your specific matching
prototype of who you are
and all the conscious
experiences you have.
So, I'm sure by
now they probably
have something that can store
your DNA for a very, very
long period of time without
damaging that part of it
that keeps the conscious
memory implanted into it.
>> DAVID: One of my other
insiders reported working
at a base which
seemed to be Area 51,
though he wouldn't say that.
I think maybe at
one point he did.
He said S4, which is Area 51.
And he reported that they
had a dog that was, I guess,
a desert dog that
showed up, and the dog
started to have certain
quirks and certain tricks
that it learned.
And then the dog died,
and they cloned it,
because they liked the dog
so much they wanted it back.
And they discovered that
each clone had the memories
of the preceding dog as well.
And so, it was as
if they started
to conclude that
the DNA was simply
some physical address for an
energetic consciousness that
superseded DNA.
What are your thoughts on that?
>> SMITH: No, I agree with that.
The DNA is just our
3D interpretation
of the energy that is you.
So, the light body, I believe,
and all that is stored.
We call it DNA, because it's
what we're taught in science.
But really, it's in that field
of that molecule or whatever
you want to call it-- a
tetrahedron or however...
what your belief system is.
So, I do agree it is
an energetic thing.
>> DAVID: So, he
referred to the DNA,
and they apparently refer to
it as like a tuning fork--
that it tunes in this
energetic aspect of yourself.
>> SMITH: Right,
this is a radio.
That's correct.
It's a type of a
device, kind of.
>> DAVID: So, how does that
interplay with programmed
memories?
How could they give you a memory
that you didn't really have?
Or is it more that they can make
the clone think that it's you
and access your own
data bank of memory?
>> SMITH: Yeah, they have a--
I wasn't part of that
program, but they
do have something that does
exactly what you just said.
It somehow gives that DNA
or that energy frequency.
Like when you talk about
the morphogenic field,
everyone's everywhere,
everything is everything.
So, that energy somehow--
if I have an affinity to be
you, I will believe I'm you,
and I am you, because
we're each other.
We're everywhere.
And what happens is I
think they have somehow,
someway found a way to
change that memory of who
you were in the DNA using
that exact thing you said--
a frequency in this field.
And that's just my speculation.
>> DAVID: I did hear from my
secret space program insider,
Jacob, who is very deeply
involved on many, many levels,
claims to have been to--
I believe he said over
2,000 off-planet locations
through portals he
claims that he went to.
And he was very credible.
He said at one point
that certain elite people
could have--
there is apparently
a machine they
have where they can
download your personality
and consciousness into a
younger version of yourself--
that you could be
transferred from one body
to another as your
main host body.
Do you know anything about that?
>> SMITH: I do not know
anything about that,
but I have seen them do
that with other beings.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: Yeah.
So, I'm assuming
100% they can do
that just through
some of the briefings
I've been in on of similar
consciousness movement--
of what you call
this downloading
of your own personality field.
And so there's no
doubt in my mind.
I believe that is true,
but I have not seen that.
>> DAVID: What is the reason
for why these cloned beings seem
to have a shorter lifespan?
>> SMITH: I think any time
you take any type of cell--
like we have problems
with stem cells right now.
When you take them
and you multiply them,
there's a couple of them
that come out not too well.
So, the more you do
it, sometimes you
have a little bit more problems
with the cells being mutatious.
They start mutating
into different things,
not what we thought
they were going to be.
So, there must be something in
the field that only allows us
to maybe, or we just haven't
perfected it here yet.
Because I know it's
been perfected up there.
So, I think it has
something to do with that.
Maybe it's not
supposed to be done,
and that there's an
unhealthier clone every time
you clone someone.
When you do it that way.
>> DAVID: If we go back to some
of the vintage whistleblowers
like Bill Uhouse, it
appears that from whoever--
and it might be the Cabal--
a narrative was
presented with the idea
that the greys are humans
from the future who
had their population greatly
reduced after a catastrophe,
and that they now have
been cloning themselves.
And it's like
multiple photocopies,
it starts to get damaged--
that this funny thing they
do is diabetic neuropathy.
It's the neuropathy
from genetic cloning,
and that they're coming back
to do these abductions to try
to bolster their genetic stock.
Why do you think that
kind of a narrative
would be created
if it's not true?
What would be the
objective there?
>> SMITH: I couldn't
comment on that,
because I don't know
of this exact story.
I could just tell you that if
they're real extraterrestrials
and they're cloning each
other, they're probably
pretty perfect specimens.
And they would have
already figured
out how to fix those
mutations 100%.
If they're not real
specimens and they
were escaped hybrids
that formed their own
and got smart enough to learn
and form their own civilization
up there and want to take
over Earth or something,
then that would be a possibility
that they're failing.
>> DAVID: We have seen
a lot of reports--
if you go back again into
more vintage ufology--
of people describing
something called a neonate.
And that is where, if a fetus
is allowed to develop without
the pressure of
the womb around it,
that the head will largely
increase in size and you will
end up with a being that
will retain fetal proportions
into adulthood, which is
exactly what a grey looks like.
So, some ufologists
have speculated
that greys could be
humans that simply
have been grown in some
kind of a vat or a tube
instead of in a womb.
What are your thoughts on that?
>> SMITH: Yeah, it
is a possibility.
A lot of these
extraterrestrials could
have hybrid human DNA in
them for sure and vice versa.
So, I definitely believe in
that, because it's been done.
It's been done.
>> DAVID: Were you aware
of any other being like
the tiger-human hybrid that was
a hybrid program that you were
directly briefed on or
allowed to see a specimen of?
>> SMITH: No.
Other than that, there
was one that was kind of
like a manatee-type version.
>> DAVID: Really?
>> SMITH: Yeah, a
manatee-type, walrus-type,
seal-type phenotype there that
they were utilizing that had
a very, very weird look to
it-- also was disproportionate
and was dead upon seeing it.
I believe that was part of a
project where they were mixing
mammalian with human DNA.
I don't know what they
were going to do with it,
but it looked like a manatee
but upright with arms and hands.
>> DAVID: Well, just to
follow on that for a second,
are you familiar with
there being any bases that
our government or the Cabal
might have that would be under
the ocean?
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> DAVID: And how would that
work based on what you know?
How would you build
a base at the bottom
of the ocean, let's say?
>> SMITH: Well, there's bases
that were already there that
they took over that have been
here for millions of years that
were already functional,
and they found these bases
in different parts
and different areas.
And most of the bases
are not just like bubbles
on the bottom of an ocean.
They're actually under
the ocean's crust.
So, that's how they
really bore in there.
And they build it
from underneath up.
They don't go down
from the surface
of the ocean with a bunch of
two-by-fours and steel parts.
It's a very complex,
very advanced way
to make an underground sea lab.
Sea labs exist all
over the world.
>> DAVID: That's what
it's called, a sea lab?
>> SMITH: Sea labs are
all over the world.
Very small-- you
might see a small one
on the bottom of the
ocean, but underneath that
is really where the base is.
It's underneath the
crust of the bottom
of the ocean and the rock.
>> DAVID: So, by digging down
first and then working from
the bottom up, does that prevent
against erosion and cataclysms
and that kind of thing?
>> SMITH: I think it's probably
the safest way to do it without
being noticed.
You know, it's a secrecy thing.
After what happened many, many
years ago with the Taos hums,
they were worried that
people were catching on
with what they were doing
with making these tunnels.
But now they're using a
different type of technique.
Of course, as you know, they
make big lava tubes and melt
rock and....
they don't use the
old-fashioned drills.
You see these pictures of
these ancient drill bits that
are like 150 feet in diameter.
That's old school.
>> DAVID: Some skeptics might
say that we barely even have
the ability to get any
submarine that far down.
The pressure would crush
any type of technology.
So, how have they overcome those
limitations of the pressure?
>> SMITH: Oh, no.
They don't use submarines.
They use our own alien
reproduction vehicles.
We form our own
gravitational force.
We're inside our
own gravity field,
so we cannot get crushed.
That's why you can go
to space, and that's
why you see some of these
UFOs and these other ones
just go right into the
water and keep going.
Because they're in
their own environment
and their own gravity,
so it would be easy
for them to transport people
or equipment or whatnot.
But they always
have a direct link
to these tunnels is
what it's all about,
and there's many tunnels
all around the world.
>> DAVID: And they can generate
enough gravity that they can
easily counteract the
pressure of the ocean?
>> SMITH: Oh, absolutely.
Of course, they can
transdimensionally
change the size of themselves.
>> DAVID: How would that work?
>> SMITH: Well, they
kind of dematerialize,
but you're still there.
But you're just out of
this frequency just a hair,
so you don't fall under the laws
of the science of this planet.
And that is for
every other planet.
That's why they can go anywhere.
They can go right
through the Earth.
You can fly right in the craft.
I'm going towards the
tree, because that's
where I want to go.
And as soon as I see
that tree, the craft
changes interdimensionally.
It can shrink itself or change
its frequency just a little
bit different, so
the structure of it
will just go through
it or around it.
And that's exactly
how they do it.
>> DAVID: Do you think that
these manatee people could
possibly have been bred to be
able to do work in the ocean?
>> SMITH: No.
I think that was just a
scientific experiment gone bad.
I think they were trying to--
they were probably looking at
other more intelligent mammals,
but they were starting
with different ones.
I don't know why
they picked that.
I couldn't even tell you.
I've been saying
what it looked like.
I don't know if it
was manatee DNA,
I'm just hypothesizing
because of the way it looked--
like this type of
face and the skin,
and it was very interesting.
There are dolphin-like
extraterrestrial type people
that have evolved beyond
us that have come back
and dropped off their
lineage of dolphins here.
>> DAVID: It does seem
interesting to me, Emery,
that in the early,
early maritime era,
there were sightings of people
claiming that they saw human
aquatic hybrids of some kind.
And that almost
universally is written off
as if the sailors were
just drinking or something
or that they saw manatees.
But yet, you've seen
line art illustrations
of people who drew these
things from the craft.
And you see, for example, a
being that has a human face,
but it almost has
flippers coming out
for arms and flippers coming
out for legs, almost like it's
a scaly type of thing as well.
So, do you think that
maybe at that early era
before we really started
to explore the oceans
that these ETs had more free
will to be in our oceans
without violating our free will?
>> SMITH: Yes, yes.
I believe many
thousands and thousands
and thousands of
years ago that there
was a race of extraterrestrials
that lived in the ocean
and have maybe even migrated
into inner Earth oceans now.
We refer to them as
the "Aquifarians,"
and they come from
another water planet.
And there actually are many
different water planets.
I'm not sure too much more
than that about them or how
they live or anything.
But I just know
about that, because I
have seen some
briefings of this race,
and I've also physically
seen things in the ocean that
resemble these types of beings.
>> DAVID: Wow.
What exactly does it look like?
Could you be a
little more specific?
>> SMITH: Yeah.
It looks like you said.
It's a human form,
and it's fishy.
And it's a very beautiful
face with long, long hair.
There are men and women
of these types of beings,
and they can walk.
They're not like the mermaids
we see with these fins,
but they do have fins on the
outside of the body, kind
of like a cuttlefish.
You know what a cuttlefish is?
They have these fins
around the outside
of the body that allow them to
propel themselves very, very
fast.
And they're very strong, and
they're very tall beings.
>> DAVID: Well, one of the
things that is very interesting
to bring up here--
having traveled in Japan
for 3 and 1/2 weeks,
there are very, very
extensive records
of a being called a kappa--
K-A-P-P-A. And this is
essentially an aquatic
humanoid.
It's intelligent, it
can speak our language,
and they would actually
abduct and kill children.
So, children were
always warned not
to go near the water
because of the kappa.
But sometimes, the
kappa would come out,
and they would taunt people.
They would talk to them,
they would make jokes,
they would make rude noises.
And the other strange
thing about the kappa--
just to finish this off--
is that apparently-- and this
is very consistent of all
the Japanese reports--
that they had this indentation
on the top of their head
about one cup
size, and that they
needed to have water in it.
And that if the water fell out--
if you could convince
them to bow down
like this and the
water comes out--
they would actually die
very quickly if they
couldn't get back to the water.
This is a widespread
Japanese legend.
So, what do you think the kappa
might be, just speculating?
>> SMITH: You're talking
ancient times, correct?
>> DAVID: Not really.
Maybe only a few
hundred years ago.
>> SMITH: Because this
definitely sounds like a kind
of hybrid-gone-wrong-type
situation
because of the water--
what you mentioned
about the water.
There's many things
that they make
to try to live on the Earth,
but when you start mixing DNA--
especially with aquatics--
it doesn't work out
too well because of the
oxygen and the water
that these beings
need to survive.
You know how fish have gills
and sharks and whatnot?
And they rely more on
these other animals
that can gulp air and hold
their breaths for 24 hours,
like certain kinds of catfish
and salamanders and whatnot.
So, I think I don't know
anything about that story,
but it does ring some bells
on some other projects that
have gone wrong as far
as trying to keep beings
that they make be able to
be in the water and land.
That's the super soldier being--
to be able to go there,
to be able to survive
the vacuum of space like
some organisms we have here,
and to be able to survive
on its own without help,
but to be able to be controlled.
>> DAVID: Do you think that
there are Earth-like planets
that are water worlds that
don't have land that comes above
the surface, and the whole
planet is an ocean basically?
>> SMITH: I believe in
that definitely, yes.
>> DAVID: OK.
So, is it possible that a
humanoid intelligent species
could evolve on that planet
by evolving in the ocean?
>> SMITH: Absolutely, yes.
>> DAVID: Now, the funny part
was that I've watched some
scientists speculate on this.
And they said, well, intelligent
life couldn't form in an ocean,
because they'd have to
be able to make fire,
and they couldn't burn
anything in the water.
>> SMITH: That's
pretty ignorant.
We have a lot of species here
that are living quite fine
that are more
conscious than we are.
Just because we
can't communicate
with them doesn't mean
we should alienate them,
just like dolphins.
I mean, their brains are a
little bit bigger than ours.
And that's the whole
thing with everything else
is about communication.
It's so sad that just because we
can't communicate with someone
that we have our
differences, or we
make them look like they're
smaller than we are.
That's something
that needs to go.
>> DAVID: Why do you think
the kappa might have died
if the water fell out of
this little cup in its head--
this cup-shaped indentation?
>> SMITH: I would say it has to
do with voltage because of how
the salt water of the body
can't have a special voltage.
And I think he needs the voltage
to keep running in the body.
I don't believe it has
anything to do with breathing
or anything else, because
they would not have risked
that to come upon the shore.
But that voltage-- because
every living creature gives off
a type of voltage or a
frequency, and it's alive.
>> DAVID: Now, we've heard
a lot of reports about
the Philadelphia Experiment.
And then when you get into the
scientist Gerry Vassilatos,
he reported that at
Norfolk Naval Shipyard
they were doing
these major welding
operations for battleships
around World War II.
And that when they
did the arc welding,
they would see this
huge flash of light,
and then all the
power would go off.
And they couldn't understand
why this was happening.
And eventually, they
do a high-speed film,
and they found that
this hole would appear--
like a black hole--
and tools and objects would
be flying into the hole
before the power shut down.
And this apparently was
what led to the development
of the Philadelphia Experiment,
where allegedly a ship was
transported from Virginia
up to around Philadelphia--
hence Philadelphia Experiment--
and then back to Virginia.
Are we looking at, do you
think, an early prototype
example of what later
became a portal technology
where all the kinks
got smoothed out?
Is that what the Philadelphia
Experiment might be?
>> SMITH: Portals exist.
There's a lot of
science into portals
that we have done without using
certain Earth grid points.
As far as that
specific, I would have
to know a little bit more
information of what they were
using to weld and
a lot of the energy
going into that and the fields
of electromagnetic energy.
>> DAVID: It was very, very high
voltage electrostatic welding.
>> SMITH: Well, that's
what you need to do that.
So, it could very
possibly be that that's
how they were teletransported
to the other side
or had a device to do that.
>> DAVID: Why do you think
the soldiers ended up getting
embedded in the hull of
the ship as was reported?
What might have
caused that to happen?
>> SMITH: Oh, just a
glitch in the system.
It happens all the time.
We lose lots of
people in portals.
We haven't mastered
it very well.
>> DAVID: We still haven't
mastered it very well?
>> SMITH: No, we have not.
It works.
We've done it, but
it's not 100% safe.
>> DAVID: Wow.
>> SMITH: But nothing
is, like driving a car.
>> DAVID: So, another thing that
you told me that I thought was
really interesting-- and I feel
like it's a good time to touch
on this-- is you mentioned to
me in private conversation that
the locations of where we chose
to build military bases might
not be totally arbitrary.
What are some of
the hidden reasons
for why certain bases
are where they are?
>> SMITH: Well, not all the
bases, but a few bases--
like I told you earlier--
were built on certain
grid points on the planet,
because they were built on top
of other ancient bases that
were there.
And some of those
ancient bases already
had working energy devices
and alien craft and portals.
>> DAVID: So, they would
literally be able to just dig
right down into that
base and re-occupy it?
>> SMITH: Well,
not re-occupy it,
but study it and
reverse engineer it.
And of course, if they were
building certain portals
or certain other
devices, they would
make sure it was put
on that same grid point
or try to activate certain
portals that are there.
In the early years--
you know, '40s, '50s--
they had a lot of bases
going out west and stuff
and exploring things
using special radars
to look underneath the Earth
which have been improved today.
They would pick these
specific points,
and this is where they
would set up labs.
Sandia Labs is actually on
Kirtland Air Force Base.
Los Alamos labs
is north of that,
but they're all connected.
So, I do believe around
the world-- not just here,
but also military bases
in other countries--
after looking at them
and lining them all up,
do fall on interesting
grid points.
And there have been
many spectacles
of different phenomena
that comes out
of these bases that are
witnessed by civilians
in these specific points.
>> DAVID: So, you're saying,
then, that in certain cases,
a military base might be built
over a wrecked extraterrestrial
vehicle that's
underground somewhere?
>> SMITH: Absolutely, or a base
that has already been there
from ancient times or from
extraterrestrials that
abandoned it.
>> DAVID: This does line up with
some other intel that we got
from other folks.
So, are there certain
cases where the craft
itself would be very large--
like very unusually large?
>> SMITH: Very
large, absolutely.
I mean, Kirtland Air Force
Base is the fifth largest land
base in the world,
and you have to look
at a lot of different parameters
when you're trying to associate
and balance all the different
bases if you're really
into this kind of thing.
There's craft that are
very, very, very, very
large that's stuck in
the crust of our Earth.
And I've seen the photos.
We use a very
special type of radar
that's classified that's
400 times more greater
resolution than a CAT scan.
And it has a backflow
of frequency energy
that measures the time of
how that frequency comes back
to tell us exactly
what it is was
to build a volumetric image.
>> DAVID: Yeah.
And you actually
showed me some of that.
It's probably not for
public distribution,
but you showed me some
very, very interesting stuff
at one point of what appears
to be an underground site that
is definitely not
known to the public.
>> SMITH: Right.
Some of these craft can be
anywhere from eight feet
wide to 33 miles long.
Some of the structures
underneath the ground
could be just as big--
10 times larger than
the Giza pyramids.
>> DAVID: But are
pyramids in some cases?
>> SMITH: Right, in
that kind of shape.
Or reverse pyramids,
like tetrahedrons-- one
on the other going backwards.
Very amazing shapes and
very deep in the Earth
and with many
things inside them.
>> DAVID: So, let's say
we have, as one example,
a 33-mile-wide
craft underground.
How many staff
might be dedicated
to exploring just that one
thing, and for how long might
that have been happening if
you say an entire base is built
there where the good stuff is.
>> SMITH: It could take many,
many, many, many, many, many,
many, many, years for that to--
it's not like you just
break into a tomb,
and there's the mummy, and OK,
and everyone just pillages it
or whatever.
They're very careful with it.
And just like in Antarctica
with what's going on down there,
it would take a team to probably
research that kind of base--
I'll say it's a craft,
I'll say base underground.
And there's many
parameters, like how deep
it is, what kind
of rock is in it,
how we're going to get there.
The biggest thing
they'll do first
is all this volumetric imaging.
And then they'll
plan out, and they'll
recreate it on the Earth first.
So, they'll actually map
whatever they see and make
a model of it, exact
spec, on top of the Earth
or under a ground base where
they can do this secretly
to see exactly what's there.
And then, of course,
it's not going to be--
so, when the team
goes, now they're
using virtual reality to do it.
So, when the team
goes in, they know
where they're at inside this
area of the craft or whatnot.
Is there still energy
there on the craft?
Is it still on?
Is there beings there?
If they are, are they alive,
or are they in a cryo state?
These are the
things that they do.
So, they're very, very specific
about before going in and just
digging everything up.
It's not like this
general thing--
get in there and just dig this--
get all the backhoes and do it.
It's more like it's very calm,
let's figure this out first.
This is very dangerous, we don't
know what we're getting into.
You have to understand there
might be microbes in there that
come out and infect
the entire planet,
so vacuum tunnels have to be
made with negative pressure air
systems and stuff.
So, it's a very dynamic and
a very huge undertaking.
It could take 20, 50,
100 years to do a project
like that with all
those parameters I
said that are involved.
>> DAVID: Well, I would be
remiss to end this episode
without just asking
this quickly,
which would be are you
confirming the presence
of at least one very large
mothership under the ice
in Antarctica?
>> SMITH: Yes.
>> DAVID: OK.
We have got a lot
of other testimony
on this-- from Pete
Peterson, from Corey Goode,
other insiders I've
spoken to as well.
You and I have actually
never even spoken about that,
so it's kind of
amazing that you would
have heard about this as well.
>> SMITH: You know, it
won't be the people.
It won't be us exposing this.
It's going to be
Earth that exposes it
because of the warmth.
They can't fight
the heat right now.
And since they can't
fight the heat,
it's going be really hard to
explain when some of the snow
melts in the next year,
and this giant thing
starts being exposed
and different metals.
So, Gaia will be disclosure.
Earth will be the
one who discloses
it, which is beautiful.
>> DAVID: Well, we're
going to help Gaia.
>> SMITH: Yeah, we're
>> DAVID: Gaia's
going to help Gaia.
>> SMITH: Yeah.
But you get what I'm getting at.
Isn't that beautiful?
>> DAVID: That is amazing.
All right.
Well, I didn't want to leave
it on that cliff hanger.
We'll be back next time.
"Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host, David Wilcock,
here with Emery Smith.
Thanks for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]